(electricity buzzing)
[Student] Well, well,
if it isn't Yuta Okkotsu,
my favorite weakling.
[Yuta] Don't you come near me.
Oh, come on, don't
play hard to get.
[Yuta] I said don't.
I just wanna slug you one
more time before I graduate.
(student giggles)
You're not gonna deny me my
graduation present, are you?
Since it's our
last time together.
Maybe I should just kill you.
Don't touch me.
Rika.
(student grunts)
What you say?
(rain splattering)
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
(door creaking)
[Satoru] A complete cover-up
and a secret execution?
Boy, that's some story.
[Director] The child in
question did consent, though.
He's underage.
Just 16-years-old.
And who knows how many he's
cursed to death so far.
He's already turned the tables
on three grade-two sorcerers
and a grade-one sorcerer.
Which is exactly the
reason you've turned to me,
or have you forgotten that?
(director grunts)
[Director] So, you'll take him?
Yes.
Yuta Okkotsu, will
attend Jujutsu High School.
You make this in shop
class, Yuta Okkotsu?
[Yuta] It used to be a knife.
I tried killing myself
but Rika wouldn't let me.
Kinda dark.
(metal clanging)
Guess what?
You're starting at
a new school today.
I'm not going.
Hmm.
[Yuta] I don't want to
hurt anyone anymore,
so I'm never going
outside again.
Never?
You're gonna get
pretty lonely that way.
The curse that was
placed upon you.
It's a curse that
can save people, too,
depending on how
it's used, of course.
My advice to you is learn
how to use that power.
You can cast it all away
later if you still decide to.
(leaves rustling)
(gentle music)
(woman vocalizing)
♪ You don't see at all ♪
♪ What's right for you to do ♪
♪ But let's start it now ♪
♪ Take a deep breath ♪
♪ You're moving forward ♪
♪ Deciding not to look back ♪
♪ Your weakness is your
greatest strength ♪
♪ To make it to the end ♪
♪ You'll feel won't be alone ♪
♪ You alone is the
right place to be ♪
♪ Don't be afraid to fall♪
(man singing faintly)
♪ You will feel that
you can do anything ♪
(man singing faintly)
(birds chirping)
Did you hear about the new
transfer student coming today?
They say he stuffed four of
his old classmates in a locker.
You mean he killed them?
[Toge] Tuna mayo?
No, gravely injured.
(Maki sighs)
Well, if he's cocky, I'll
put him in his place.
[Toge] Bonito flakes.
(air whooshes)
Students of all grades,
we have a new student.
Give him a hand.
Not one hand.
I heard that the kid's
a real wet blanket.
The last thing I need is another
moody rookie to look after.
[Toge] Salmon.
Hmm.
(Satoru sighs)
Oh, well, then.
You can come on in now.
[Yuta] I sense a really
dark mood in there.
[Maki] I'll just ignore him.
(ground rumbling)
(suspenseful music)
Huh?
(upbeat music)
I'm Yuta.
-(sword whooshes)
-(metal clangs)
Is this some kind of test?
(Yuta sighs)
Hey.
Don't you know that
you are cursed?
This is a place to
learn about curses.
Not a place for the cursed
to be hanging around.
The number of people that
die mysterious deaths
or go missing in Japan is
over 10,000 a year on average.
The majority of those are
actually not accidents,
but caused by curses.
Born from negative emotions.
Among them are also some evil
cases caused by curse users.
You see, only curses
can affect other curses.
(Yuta gasps)
This place is where we learn
curses to exorcize curses.
Welcome to Tokyo
Jujutsu High School.
[Yuta] He's just
telling me this now?
[All] What?
He's just telling him that now?
My bad.
Oh, you all should back
away pretty quickly.
[All] Huh?
(Panda groans)
[Rika] Do not.
Stop it.
Rika.
[Rika] Bully Yuta.
(birds chirping)
(kid giggles)
[Girl] Over there, over there.
-(kid giggles)
-[Boy] What is it?
What is it?
Yuta, I have a
birthday gift for you.
(Yuta groans)
Hmm.
(Yuta chuckles)
Thank you.
Can I open it?
[Rika] Go ahead.
(Yuta chuckles)
Really?
[Rika] Yes, I said go ahead.
Huh?
It's a ring.
[Rika] An engagement ring.
[Yuta] Engagement?
(romantic music)
It's a promise that
when we grow up,
we're going to get
married to each other.
(car crashes)
(woman shouts)
[Driver] I didn't
mean to hit her.
[Man] Someone,
call an ambulance.
[Woman] Look at her,
call the coroner.
(woman sighs) There's no
way she's gonna make it.
[Man] What happened?
[Woman] Her head's crushed in.
[Man] How horrible.
[Man] Yes, a child
got run over by a car.
I don't know, hurry.
[Man] We should help her.
[Woman] I'm not going near that.
[Man] That poor girl.
[Woman] Oh, this
is heartbreaking.
Rika?
[Rika] Yuta.
(Yuta groans)
(suspenseful music)
Yuta.
When we grow up,
we're gonna get married.
-(suspenseful music)
-(Yuta groans)
It's a promise.
So, as you can see,
this boy was cursed
by his friend Rika,
who is still madly
in love with him.
Be nice to him or else
Rika will get you.
(Panda groans)
Remember, if you attack Yuta,
Rika's curse will activate
or maybe it won't.
It's hard to say.
So be careful, everyone.
Now he tells us.
Since these students
are acting all cool.
Let me introduce them
to you real quick-like.
[Yuta] I have a feeling
this teacher's the problem,
not the students.
[Satoru] This is the cursed
tool user, Maki Zen'in.
She uses special tools
to exorcize curses.
This is the cursed speech
user, Toge Inumaki.
He can only speak in
rice ball ingredients,
so have fun chatting.
[Toge] Kelp.
[Satoru] And Panda.
Hi, I'm Panda.
It's nice to meet you.
Okay, you're all set.
[Yuta] But I'm still not
sure what I'm doing here.
All right then,
our first year class is
a solid four students.
[Yuta] Three students
and one animal anyway.
For your afternoon
jujutsu practice,
you'll be in pairs
of two on two.
Toge and Panda, you're one pair.
All right.
[Satoru] And Maki,
you're with Yuta.
DOE.
Did she just say DOE?
(birds chirping)
Hey, I really hope
we can work together.
You were bullied,
I can totally tell.
(lightning crashes)
(Yuta groans)
I take it by that lame
reaction, I'm right.
I totally get it,
I'd bully you too.
(Yuta groans)
Maybe it's because
you're cursed?
It's written on your face
that you're trying to come off
as a goody-two-shoes.
It's sickening.
(Yuta gasps)
Why are you acting
like the victim
when you're the one
being protected?
I bet, you've been
passive your whole life.
(Yuta groans)
Believe me, Jujutsu High
isn't gonna be that easy.
You're gonna have to step
up if you wanna make it.
(Yuta groans)
Maki.
That's enough of that.
[Toge] Bonito flakes.
Okay, fine.
Get off my case.
Sorry about her.
She has a bad habit of
thinking she's an authority
on mind-reading.
No, she's right.
(footsteps tapping)
Where are we?
[Satoru] It's just
an elementary school.
[Yuta] Huh?
Or rather, just an
elementary school
where some children
have gone missing.
Gone missing?
[Satoru] It happens a
lot in places like this.
It's probably the work of a
naturally-occurring curse.
(Yuta gulps)
Are you saying a curse
actually kidnapped some kids?
Yup, two kids so far.
Curses tend to settle
in spots like these.
Places where bad
memories occurred.
Schools, hospitals.
Places often remembered
with negative emotions are
a receptacle for curses.
As those emotions build up,
they can cause a
curse to be born.
Like it was here.
We're here to exorcize the
curse, and save the kids
Or retrieve them
if they're dead.
(Yuta groans)
Dead?
Emerge from darkness
blacker still.
Purify that which is impure.
(veil crackling)
Huh?
It's turning into night.
It's a veil.
A barrier of sorts to
help smoke out the curses.
It also keeps us hidden
from the outside.
It's pretty easy to
undo from inside.
Do be careful now, you two.
Try not to die.
Die? Gojo?
[Maki] Transfer student.
Huh?
Don't let yourself
get distracted.
(suspenseful music)
Put
me
on!
(Yuta groans)
Put me on.
[Yuta] They're coming this way.
What do we do?
Stop screaming.
(air whooshing)
(suspenseful music)
Just remember this,
the weaker curses are,
the more they group together.
(stick whooshing)
Of course, the same could
be said for human beings.
[Yuta] Incredible.
She wiped them all out
with a single blow.
Okay, let's get a move on.
[Yuta] Huh?
Where to?
Inside, obviously.
(Yuta breathes deeply)
Miss Zen'in, aren't you
at least a little bit
scared of this place?
Don't use my last name.
Sorry.
It's just, this place is
really giving me the creeps.
It's exactly the type of
place where ghosts would be.
[Maki] There aren't
many curses here,
even though the
veil's been drawn.
No, they are here,
they're just not attacking.
I wonder, is it
because he's here?
(Yuta groans)
Something just moved.
[Maki] Hey?
[Yuta] What?
[Maki] What grade are you?
[Yuta] Like in school?
Jujutsu sorcerers are ranked
in grades from four to one.
Yeah, but, I only started
at Jujutsu High
School this week.
I don't think I'm ranked yet.
(Maki grunts)
Forget it.
Show me your student ID.
The one you got from that
dumb blindfolded guy.
Dumb blindfolded guy?
Okay, here you go.
Well, if you just joined,
you're probably a grade four.
Special-grade?
Special-grade is even a
higher ranking than Grade One,
This must be some kind of a
practical joke or something.
Miss Zen'in.
Behind you.
(monster crackling)
-(ground rumbles)
-(Yuta groans)
(explosion booms)
(monster growls)
(Yuta screams)
[Maki] Shit.
You're way too damn big.
(Maki shouts)
(monster growls)
-(metal clangs)
-(Maki grunts)
(monster gulps)
Yum.
(monster burps)
Thank you for the meal.
(foot thuds)
Shit.
I dropped my cursed tool.
Let us out of here.
Where are we now?
We're stuck in this
dumb curse's stomach.
No reason to go
passing out over this.
You mean that curse ate us?
That's right. And I thought you
were supposed to be protected
by that curse of yours?
[Yuta] Don't blame me,
I have no idea what makes
Rika decide to come out.
But what are we gonna do now?
After a while the
veil will go away,
and help will come for us.
(Maki grunts)
Embarrassing.
Shit.
[Boy] Please help.
Hmm?
Who's there?
Please help me,
my friend's about to die.
(Yuta groans)
(Yuta gulps)
Are you saying a curse
actually kidnapped some kid?
Yup, two kids so far.
We're here to exorcize the
curse, and save the kids
or retrieve them
if they're dead.
Thank goodness.
They're alive.
Just barely.
Huh?
Look at them closer.
The big one's obviously been
affected by the curse, too.
Both of them could
die at any minute.
Oh, no.
(Yuta groans)
What do we do?
I told you.
All we can do is wait for help.
Not everyone's like you.
Most people don't have
resistance to curses.
Huh?
Miss Zen'in?
(Maki groans)
Maki.
(Yuta gasps)
What kind of wound is this?
Does this mean
you're cursed now?
Is she going to die?
Please, I don't want to die too.
(boy cries)
Please.
I don't know how to save you.
I'm sorry.
Okkotsu.
Tell me, why did you
come to Jujutsu High?
What is it you wanna do?
What do you want?
What're your goals?
What are you trying to achieve?
I just don't wanna see
anyone getting hurt again.
I tried to lock myself
away and disappear.
But Gojo warned me
I'd be too lonely.
And I couldn't argue with him.
I don't want to be all alone.
I want to be needed by someone.
I want it to be all right
to know that I'm alive.
Fine, do it then.
Keep exorcizing curses
over and over again.
And when you get good at it,
confidence and
friends will find you.
That's why we're
here at Jujutsu High.
(gentle music)
(metal clangs)
Rika.
[Rika] Yes, Yuta?
[Yuta] Lend me your strength.
(metal dings)
(monster groans)
(Rika screams)
Who are you?
(Rika grunts)
[Rika] That's enough out of you.
(blood splashes)
Now that's terrifying.
Rika Orimoto at her strongest.
Impressive special-grade curse.
(Satoru giggles)
So scary.
Oh, wow.
Look at me.
I'm so pretty.
I love it.
(Yuta groans)
All right.
It's just a little
further everybody.
I need to get Miss Zen'in
and these kids to Gojo.
Hopefully, Rika keeps
those curses distracted.
(Yuta groans)
(Yuta grunts)
I can't stop.
Not yet.
(Yuta grunts)
I'm not gonna be weak anymore.
I'm gonna change.
Here and now.
[Rika] Yuta, you can do it.
Yes, I can.
(gentle music)
Welcome back.
You did well.
They say both Maki and the
kids are going to be fine.
That's a relief.
Funny, you don't look
very relieved to me.
I did it.
I managed to call
Rika out by myself.
Oh, really?
That's a big step forward.
(wheels creaking)
(Yuta groans)
(gentle music)
(Yuta coughing)
[Yuta] Okay, I'm gonna spin you.
(Rika and Yuta giggles)
Stop, Yuta.
I said stop, you're
gonna make me fall.
(Rika and Yuta giggles)
-[Yuta] Rika, you got me.
-[Rika] There.
-Take that.
-(Rika and Yuta giggles)
[Yuta] You better watch out.
(Rika and Yuta giggles)
[Rika] It's a promise
that when we both grow up,
we're going to get
married to each other.
Okay.
(Rika groans)
We'll be together,
forever and ever.
All the time.
[Satoru] You okay?
Yeah.
I was just
remembering something.
I'm starting to think Rika
didn't curse me after all.
I think I might have been
the one who cursed Rika.
You very well may be right.
There's no curse more
twisted than love.
(Yuta cries)
All right, while
I'm at Jujutsu High,
there's something
I want to learn.
I want to break Rika's curse.
(ambulance siren wailing)
(door creaks)
(footsteps tapping)
[Director] The special-grade
cursed apparition,
Rika Orimoto was fully
manifested for 442 seconds.
We entrusted you with
Yuta Okkotsu precisely
so we could prevent
this sort of thing.
There's no room
for excuses, Gojo.
Well, that's good, because
I don't have any excuses.
[Director] How can
you joke about this?
If Rika Orimoto had
remained out of control,
she could have wiped
out an entire town.
If she had I would have
risked my life to stop her.
Listen, now that we've seen it,
there's only one thing we
can say about that curse.
And that's I don't understand.
Why did a little girl
who wasn't from any line
of jujutsu sorcerers,
become such an immense
and powerful curse?
We can't control something
that we don't understand.
So, it's just gonna
take trial and error.
Leave it alone for a while,
and see how it works out.
[Director] Do not forget,
Yuta Okkotsu's execution
has only been
temporarily suspended.
And don't you forget
that if it comes down
to that decision,
I'll side with Yuta Okkotsu.
(footsteps tapping)
Damn.
Those school directors
are such rude old geezers.
I don't ever wanna
become like them.
I'll have to be careful
that I never do.
Don't they get it?
No one should be allowed
to take youth away
from young people.
(Yuta groaning)
Maki and Toge,
it's your last lap.
(Yuta groaning)
No one will take
their youth away.
(door clicks)
Go in, after you.
(Yuta groans)
Okay.
(Yuta gasps)
It's nearly impossible
to exorcize a curse
as big as Rika Orimoto.
However, breaking the
curse is a different story.
You have to identify thousands
of knots of cursed energy,
and unravel them one by one.
It's a method that can
only be pursued by you,
the person that she's cursed.
What exactly am
I supposed to do?
Here, use this.
(sword whooshes)
(Yuta groans)
Whoa, a katana?
You see, curses are most stable
when they're
possessing an object.
If you remember,
back at that school,
you used that ring
to connect to Rika.
The pipeline's already there.
So now you need to borrow
part of Rika's curse,
imbue it into the
katana, and control it.
Increase the amount
as you repeat it,
and eventually you'll
have the whole curse
under your control.
Once you do that,
then you're free.
Both you and her.
Imbue the curse into the katana.
But that's not all.
You also have to learn
how to wield a blade.
Until you can combine
those two skills,
you'll still be weak.
So the first thing we're gonna
do is to get you training.
(upbeat music)
(Yuta grunts)
-(Maki and Yuta grunting)
-(sword stick thudding)
(Maki and Yuta grunting)
Oh, nice.
-(Maki and Yuta grunting)
-(sword stick thudding)
What's up?
How's it going?
Oh, It's going.
(Yuta grunts)
Don't get distracted, newbie.
Yeah, right.
[Maki] Don't just stand
there, take your stance.
Idiot.
Sorry.
Are you gonna land a
blow sometime today?
Yeah, right now.
(upbeat music)
-(Maki and Yuta grunting)
-(sword stick thudding)
She dodged that?
But now she's off-balance.
I'll get her on the landing.
(stick whooshes)
No way.
(Maki and Yuta grunting)
-(Maki grunts)
-(stick thuds)
Congrats, you're dead.
I win again, and
remain undefeated.
Was that last part necessary?
Don't be so soft.
You should always treat training
like it's a real battle.
Both experiencing
pain and avoiding pain
makes a huge difference
in how fast you grow.
She's right, I gotta
get back in there.
One more, please.
I have to get better.
If I don't improve, I'll
never break Rika's curse.
-(Maki and Yuta grunting)
-(sword stick thudding)
It's been three months since
Yuta came to Jujutsu High.
His movements are
getting better every day.
[Toge] Salmon.
Even his personality
is more positive now.
[Toge] Salmon roe.
And Maki looks like she's
having more fun too.
I don't think she got to spar
very often with other weapon.
(Panda gasps)
I've had a revelation.
Hey, Yuta.
Come here.
Come over here.
Huh?
What's up, Panda?
We have to have a super
important discussion,
so listen close.
What do you like better,
big or small boobs?
What?
To tell you the truth,
I've never given it
much thought before.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
I guess given the choice
I like them somewhat big?
Oh, really?
Maki.
Huh?
You have a shot.
Shot, shot, shot.
[Maki] What crazy
ideas are you getting
in that head of yours?
[Panda] Don't be so shy.
It's not like you're
in elementary school.
[Maki] Oh, that's it.
-I'm gonna kill you.
-(Yuta giggles)
-What're they fighting about?
-[Panda] Ow, ow.
[Toge] Kelp.
(Yuta giggles)
[Yuta] I still don't understand
anything Inumaki says.
Which makes me a
little scared of him.
(Gojo claps)
Okay, gather round.
You two continue training or
whatever it is you're doing.
Toge, you've been
requested for a curse
that you're perfect for.
Shouldn't take you
long to exorcize it.
[Toge] Salmon.
Requested?
Toge is the only grade-two
sorcerer among us first-years.
He's allowed to take on
missions all on his own.
(Panda and Maki grunts)
Wow, that's impressive.
[Maki] Your
special-grade's higher.
Yuta, why don't
you go along too.
You'll be Toge's support.
Huh?
You want me to support him?
[Satoru] Well, you'll be more
like an observer, really.
There's a wide
variety of jujutsu,
so you can assume
there are as many ways
to exorcize a curse as
there are sorcerers.
Toge's cursed speech is a
good example of one way.
Make sure to learn from him.
Cursed speech?
As the term suggests, it's
imbuing speech with curses.
Eh, it'll make sense
once you see it.
To break a curse, you must
first understand curses.
[Yuta] My first real mission.
No, wait, my second.
Oh, I'm still so nervous.
[Toge] Salmon.
(Yuta groans)
Oh, I.
You startled me.
Sorry.
Yuta, one more thing.
Coming.
Sorry, but I don't have the time
to supervise this mission.
But this job is typically one
Toge could handle by himself.
So you can relax.
There's only one thing that
you need to be careful of.
Don't let Rika out.
There's no guarantee
she'll go back in,
like she did last time.
Only use the portion
of Rika's power
that you can imbue
in your sword.
Do you know what will happen
if you let her out again?
No, what happens?
Bluh, both you and me.
Dead as a door nail.
I'm counting on you.
(Yuta groans)
[Yuta] Why does he have to
bring that up right now?
(crows caw)
(car engine revving)
We've arrived.
Hapina Shopping District.
At the moment, most of the
stores are closed to the public.
"There's a project to demolish
the Hapina Shopping District
in order to put up a new mall.
During an inspection
of the area,
we confirmed a pack
of low-level curses
hiding among the corridors.
In order to exorcize them,
we request, grade-two
sorcerer, Toge."
Huh, wait.
Where did Toge go?
He was right here.
[Man] Thank you, come again.
Oh, Mr. Ijichi, over there.
He was shopping?
What did you buy in that store?
Throat medicine?
(Ijichi sighs)
In short, they want
us to exorcize it now
before the building they're
spending so much money on
develops a reputation
for cursed energy.
[Toge] Salmon.
Now then.
I will draw the veil.
Good luck to you.
(Yuta breathes deeply)
He said, it was a pack
of low-level curses.
[Toge] Pollack roe.
(footsteps tapping)
[Fish Curse] That's
not fair, Mama.
My brother got more than I did.
[Fish Curse] So what?
Let's trade doubles that
way we both get one.
(fish curse chattering)
[Fish Curse] Is
the cheapest stuff.
[Maki] The weaker curses are,
the more they group together.
Look at them all.
Weak or not, there's
just too many.
Huh?
Inumaki?
It's dangerous.
Don't get too close.
Explode.
(explosion booms)
Oh, wow.
So this is cursed speech?
Huh?
Oh, it's over already?
[Toge] Tuna mayo.
(Yuta groans)
[Yuta] His voice.
Wait.
That explains the
throat medicine.
What an incredible
amount of power.
But I'm sure it comes with
a great deal of risk, too.
[Toge] Bonito flakes.
Is something wrong?
Oh, yeah, the veil
isn't lifting.
Hmm, I can't get through.
Does this mean,
there's no way out?
(air whooshes)
(Toge and Yuta groans)
What is this curse?
Its presence is different
from the others.
[Zomba] Zomba.
(Yuta groans)
(explosion booms)
Inumaki.
Twist.
(Toge groans)
(Toge coughs)
(ground rumbles)
What in the world is that thing?
(suspenseful music)
They said the curses
were low-level,
but that thing is enormous.
This isn't what we were told.
That thing is scarier
than the big guys
from the elementary school.
Way scarier.
(Toge grunts)
Inumaki, you're hurt.
Where did it get you?
Whoa.
Twisted.
Salmon.
(Yuta groans)
You shouldn't mess with
it, it might get worse.
I'm sorry.
It's all my fault.
It doesn't seem to be
looking for us at all.
I'll contact Mr. Ijichi.
Huh?
Out of service?
That can't be.
[Toge] Bonito flakes.
Huh?
Because of the veil?
Well, if the veil won't
lift, we have to exorcize it.
Isn't that right?
Inumaki?
You shouldn't be
moving around already.
Salmon.
(Toge coughs)
Huh?
You want to fight this
battle by yourself?
Thanks, Inumaki.
But,
I'm going to come with you.
(footsteps tapping)
We'll both do our best.
Let's go.
(suspenseful music)
(Zomba growls)
[Rika] Go get him, Yuta.
(Zomba growl)
Hey, what's it mad at me for?
Like it wasn't scary enough.
Huh?
(Yuta breathes deeply)
Don't take your eyes off him.
Don't stop moving.
Imbue the curse into the katana.
(sword clanging)
(explosion booms)
(Yuta grunts)
Inumaki has an
incredibly kind heart.
He doesn't want to
accidentally curse others,
so he speaks in rice
ball ingredients,
words that can't carry curses.
Even today, he helped me out.
He tried to keep me
away from danger.
Earlier, when I was
totally freaking out,
he was trying to make
me feel comfortable.
(explosion booms)
(Zomba groans)
(sword whooshing)
A superficial wound.
Boy, he's tough.
-(explosion booms)
-(Yuta grunts)
Okay, maybe I can't compete
with this curse but Inumaki can.
(suspenseful music)
Inumaki, catch.
(throat medicine whooshes)
I'm not gonna let Inumaki
kindness go to waste.
Nice catch.
(Toge gulps)
(Zomba groans)
(upbeat music)
(explosion booms)
Get crushed.
(blood splashes)
Incredible.
[Toge] Mustard leaf.
[Yuta] Oh, I'm fine.
It's only a scratch.
[Toge] Salmon.
Yeah, good work.
Once I break Rika's curse,
I'm gonna be a
normal person again.
I won't be able to stay
at Jujutsu High anymore,
but until then, I'm gonna
try to help as many people
as I can.
(Yuta groans)
We still can't
get out, can't we?
What a shame.
I came here just to see the
rumored curse named Rika.
As a special-grade, I was
hoping to meet her soon.
Perhaps, I should go
return this to him.
Toge's been able to use cursed
speech since he was born.
You can imagine when he
was just a little boy,
he struggled quite a bit with
his new cursed speech power.
Sometimes he accidentally
cursed people
that he didn't mean to.
In fact, his situation was
pretty similar to yours.
That's why he's been
worried about you
ever since the day you
transferred in here.
It's easy to misunderstand
him, but he's a good guy.
Try to be as kind to
him as he is to you.
Mm, I will.
(Yuta grunts)
Time to start our
morning training.
-(Panda giggles)
-Okay, I'm coming.
Panda, what are you laughing at?
Something funny?
[Panda] Well,
-not really, but.
-Hey, Maki, hold on.
Huh?
Are there any cool
tricks you can teach me?
I'd like to imbue my curse
into my katana more smoothly.
Just forget it.
Don't ask me about
cursed energy.
Hmm?
After scouring every inch of
the Hapina Shopping District,
I found three different
types of residuals.
Mr. Ijichi doesn't
think it's likely
we're going to find
anything more than that
if we keep looking.
Okay, got it, thanks.
Excellent report.
You bet.
(Satoru sniffs)
(suspenseful music)
(footsteps tapping)
Sorry to bother you.
Our inspection showed, that
someone lowered a second veil
on top of my own.
We don't know who yet,
but we're analyzing
the residual energy.
In addition,
a semi-first-grade curse made
an unexpected appearance.
It's my fault for not being
as thorough as I should have.
I'll accept any punishment.
No, you're fine.
You were just outclassed.
Outclassed by who?
Do you have an idea
about who did it?
(suspenseful music)
Suguru Geto.
A special-grade
jujutsu sorcerer.
One of four who was
banished from Jujutsu High.
He cursed over a hundred
normal people to death.
The worst curse user ever.
Mom, I'll be fine,
let's go home.
We're already here, let's
just wait a little longer
so we can meet him.
But, Mom.
(door whooshes)
(both groans)
Hello, Ladies.
As I understand it, you said
your daughter was being haunted
by a ghost.
Isn't that right, Mrs. Sato?
Ah, yeah, but it's
Saito, actually.
No, your name is Mrs. Sato.
I've decided Sato is a
better name than Saito.
(mom groans)
Come on, mom, let's just go.
Sweetheart, let's get
this problem taken care of
once and for all.
This whole thing
seems shady, though.
You constantly feel a
piercing gaze upon you.
Sometimes your
shoulders feel heavy,
and it becomes
difficult to breathe.
Almost as if you've
forgotten how.
And you often dream that
you're being assaulted.
How did you know that?
Try not to move.
(monster groans)
Wait, no way.
It feels better.
Honestly, I don't know how
we could ever repay you.
Don't worry.
We should all help
those in times of need.
Come on by if you
have any more trouble.
(both giggles)
See, I told you so.
What this man has done
for you is simply godly.
Yeah.
Godly, huh?
That Mrs. Sato is a
smart one, isn't she?
Filthy monkey who
can't even use jujutsu.
Your true feelings seem
to be showing, Geto.
The leaders are all
waiting for you.
They're in the meeting room.
What is that stuff you're
spraying everywhere?
Disinfecting deodorant.
I don't want everyone to
breathe in the monkey smell.
What a great day.
I'm so happy.
It's been so long
since we all met.
I know, since all
the leaders are here,
let's take a photo together.
Where's my camera?
Got it right here.
-(camera shutter clicks)
-(Suda giggles)
Geto.
I want to see Geto right now.
(Kanamori groans)
Geto, damn you.
If it isn't Mr. Kanamori.
What brings you here
in such a sweaty panic?
Don't play dumb, hurry
up and exorcize my curse.
Do you know how much
I've paid you already?
(Kanamori grunts)
How much?
Approximately 105 million yen.
However, no donations
for the past six months.
[Suguru] I guess
that's it for you then.
Wait a minute.
(Kanamori groans)
There are lots of monkeys,
and they all have
their own role to play.
There are
money-collecting monkeys
and curse-collecting monkeys.
You happen to be the former.
If you're out of money, I
have no further use for you.
(Suguru gulps)
(Suguru snaps)
Screw you then.
[Monster] Suck, suck,
suck, suck, suck.
Suck, suck, suck, suck, suck.
Suck, suck, suck.
(blood splashes)
Totally disgusting.
I can't believe he's
part of the same species.
Now you know why
I'm always saying
that they're
nothing but monkeys.
The time is here,
my beloved family.
Let's lower the curtain
on the age of monkeys,
and build a paradise
for jujutsu sorcerers.
First though, we must
destroy the cornerstone
of the jujutsu world,
Jujutsu High School.
(Yuta groans)
[Panda] What's wrong, Yuta?
Well.
I think I just had
a bad premonition.
-You're imagining things.
-Yep, he's imagining things.
[Toge] Bonito flakes.
(Yuta groans)
[Yuta] Guys, wait up.
[Panda] I hate to
tell you, Yuta,
but your ability to sense
cursed energy sucks.
[Maki] I figured it's dulled,
with something like
Rika inside you.
[Toge] Tuna.
We still aren't picking up
on any actions from Geto.
Are you sure you're not
worrying over him for nothing?
Principal, it pains me to
tell you that's not possible.
I confirmed it
myself on the scene.
There's no way I would
mistake the residuals
of Suguru Geto's cursed energy.
Hmm, Suguru.
God damn it.
Speaking of that little devil.
Gather all sorcerers on campus,
semi-first-grade and above.
In the circle out
front, right now.
That's unusual.
I guess Yuta was
right, after all.
[Toge] Salmon.
Huh?
(wings whooshes)
Sorry bird brain but
you're in the wrong nest.
I haven't seen
that curse before.
Salmon roe.
Wow, that's a real big bird.
This place never
does change, does it.
Yuck.
Mr. Geto, please
don't tell me this is
what Tokyo looks like?
Feels like we're
out in the sticks.
Nanako, that's rude.
What?
You know you think
so, too, Mimiko.
Come on, get out
of there already.
Aren't you cold without a shirt?
Hey, who are those guys?
Whoa, it's a panda.
How cute.
And who are you supposed to be?
Get off the school grounds
before Yuta makes you.
-Pollack roe.
-Huh?
Better go home before you
get beat up, by Yuta, I mean.
Huh?
[Suguru] Nice to meet
you, Yuta Okkotsu.
My name is Suguru Geto.
[Maki And Panda] He's fast.
Hi.
It's nice to meet you.
I see you're in possession
of a truly wonderful power.
And I believe, that such
great power ought to be used
to create great opportunities.
Have you ever questioned the
current state of the world
where jujutsu
sorcerers act in secret
to protect the order
of commonplace society.
Hmm?
You see, my friend, there's
this established paradox
that mistakenly says the strong
must accommodate the weak.
It's so deplorable.
Okay.
It's as if the apex of
all creation decided
to halt its own
path of evolution.
It's nonsense.
And it's time for mankind
to reconsider its strategy
for survival.
Which is exactly why we
would like you to help us.
Help you with what?
We're going to kill
all non-sorcerers,
and create a world
of jujutsu sorcerers.
[Maki] What?
[Panda] Is he serious?
(Toge grunts)
[Satoru] Do me a favor.
Hmm?
Could you please stop
preaching your crazy beliefs
to my students?
Satoru, long time no see.
Step away from those
kids right now, Suguru.
I heard this new first-year
class is simply outstanding.
Seems it's true.
You still have an
eye for talent.
A special-grade cursed human,
a cursed corpse mutation,
a cursed speech user.
And last, the Zen'in
clan's biggest failure.
(Maki groans)
You piece of shit.
You better watch
that mouth of yours.
Because I don't need any
monkeys like you in the world
that I'm creating.
I'm sorry.
I don't really understand
anything you're talking about
but I can't help anyone
who insults my friends.
So count me out.
(Suguru sighs)
My apologies.
I didn't come here to
insult you, or your friends.
That's good to know.
Then why exactly
did you come here?
I came to declare war.
Everyone gathered here today.
I want you all to open your
ears and listen closely.
On December 24th,
when the sun sets,
we shall begin the Night
Parade of a Hundred Demons.
(Yaga grunts)
At the crucible of
curses, Shinjuku, Tokyo,
as well as the holy
land of jujutsu, Kyoto.
A thousand curses will be
unleashed upon each place.
All with the command massacre.
If you wish to avoid a
scene straight from hell,
come to your best to stop it.
Let us freely curse
each other to the death.
(suspenseful music)
(Nanako shouts)
Mr. Geto.
The cafe is gonna close.
Oh, is it that late already?
You know how it is, don't you?
These girls just have to
get their favorite crepes
from Takeshita Street.
Come on, hurry up.
I'll be taking my leave now.
Nanago, I really don't
see what's so good
about a place with
so many monkeys.
You didn't think we'd
just let you leave?
Careful, Suturu.
(monster grunts)
(monster growls)
Your precious students
are well within my range.
(monsters growling)
Goodbye everybody.
See you at the war.
(wings whooshes)
[Suguru] Survival
of the weakest.
That's the proper form
society should take.
Help the weak, and
discourage the strong.
Listen, Satoru.
Sorcerers exist to
protect non-sorcerers.
[Satoru] That's your argument?
God, I hate righteousness.
Do you think that
you're the strongest
because you're Satoru Gojo?
Or are you Satoru Gojo
because you're the strongest?
What exactly are
you trying to say?
If I could switch
places with you
then wouldn't my foolish ideals
become reasonable possibilities?
My path leads elsewhere.
And I plan on following it
to the best of my ability.
(dramatic music)
Suguru Geto, a
special-grade curse user
who uses cursed
spirit manipulation.
Able to draw in and manipulate
naturally occurring
unbound curses.
That's his skill.
It seems he's recently
established
a new religious group
so that curses can be
collected from its followers.
This explains the recent
decline in reported curses.
He already possessed a
significant number of curses,
and it's for certain
he now has a lot more.
He claims to possess
2,000 of them
and that may not be a bluff.
But statistically,
most of them have got
to be weaker grade-two
curses or below.
Also estimating generously,
he can't have much more
than 50 curse users.
That's actually the part
that frightens me the most.
I find it hard to believe
that he'd want to start a
war that he couldn't win.
God damn.
(Yaga grunts)
Put out a call for
aid to all alumni,
alert the three major clans
and the Ainu Jujutsu Society.
It's all-out war.
And it's not just the
curses we'll exorcize,
it's Geto.
That muscle-brained principal
must be having a
fit right about now.
(suspenseful music)
If we seriously tried
to kill each other,
our chance of success
would be about 30%.
(man grunts)
If the Jujutsu Society
joins, barely a 20% chance.
However, there is one move
that makes that slim chance
of victory jump way up.
Straight up to 99%.
I kill Yuta Okkotsu,
and obtain the special-grade
cursed apparition,
Rika Orimoto.
They completely bought
my bluff back there
and now they're gonna give
me exactly what I want.
It doesn't matter if the
cursed spirit is bound.
So long as I kill its master,
I can absorb any curse I want.
The school likes
their odds of winning,
so they won't play Yuta
Okkotsu as one of their cards.
After all, if he unleashes Rika,
she could wipe out both sides.
The aim of the Night Parade
of a Hundred Demons is
to get Okkotsu alone
and unprotected.
Now, let's raise the
curtain on a new age.
Well, I guess,
something crazy is going down.
-(door slams)
-(Yuta groans)
-Maki.
-Huh?
What are you doing here?
Classes are canceled
for the week.
Well, I was just
feeling kinda restless.
Doesn't seem like anyone's
around in the dorms either.
That's because the
second-year students
were all dispatched to Kyoto.
Toge's in Shinjuku with
some others as backup.
And since the Principal
likes Panda so much,
he's probably with Toge too.
I see.
-Go ahead.
-Huh?
I know you wanna ask,
about why Geto said
I was a failure.
No, I, well, yeah.
(Maki sighs)
My family is the Zen'in clan.
One of the three major families
of elite jujutsu sorcerers.
Do you have any idea what
the minimum requirement is
to be a jujutsu sorcerer?
Huh, let me think.
[Maki] It's being
able to see curses.
Oh, yeah, right.
Ordinary people, even
they sometimes see curses,
like when they're
at death's door.
But I can't see curses
without the help
of these lame glasses.
The cursed tools I use are
imbued with cursed energy
by someone else.
It doesn't come from me.
At least this helped get
me out of that family.
The food was awful, the
rooms were minuscule,
and it was crawling
with strange old men.
The whole experience
totally sucked.
Don't use my last name.
Not everyone's like you.
Most people don't have
resistance to curses.
Don't ask me about
cursed energy.
[Yuta] So then why are you
still a jujutsu sorcerer?
Because I happen to be spiteful.
I plan on returning
to my family one day
as a grade-one sorcerer.
And then I'll obliterate
the Zen'in clan from within.
I'll show them that you
don't need to see curses
to be a great sorcerer.
What is it?
I was just thinking,
that's so like you.
I wish,
I wish I could be just like you.
You know, strong,
and determined.
(gentle music)
Honestly, Maki.
You're the shame
of the Zen'in clan.
I wish you were never born.
Everyone, look.
Look at Maki.
You don't want to
turn out like her.
If there's ever anything I can
help you with, just ask me.
You know, like, obliterating
your clan or something.
(Yuta giggles)
You moron.
There's no point if I
don't do it by myself.
I'm going back to my room.
[Yuta] Okay, later.
(door whooshes)
Come on, Maki,
don't be an idiot.
Don't start believing that
you've really been accepted.
Emerge from darkness
blacker still.
Purify that which is impure.
(veil squelching)
(Yuta groans)
(Maki groans)
(suspenseful music)
A veil's being drawn
over the school?
But by who and why?
(monsters grunting)
Try to keep the
destruction of buildings
and the infrastructure
to a minimum.
There's a chance some civilians
still haven't evacuated.
If you find any, get
them out of here.
Are you listening to me, Gojo?
There's one who may
cause us some trouble.
That bandaged guy,
I'll take him on.
Sounds good.
We'll take on the other
jujutsu sorcerers.
Just one last reminder.
Yeah, I know.
We're only supposed
to be stalling them.
Let's just take it
easy and have some fun
until Geto finishes his job.
What are you doing here?
Is it a problem that I am?
I think the real question
is, what are you doing here?
Sorry about this,
but I don't have time
to chat with monkeys.
[Ijichi] Gojo, I have a report.
What's the matter?
Oh.
That guy loves to show off,
and yet he's not
on the front lines?
Is he in Kyoto?
We should have received
some kind of word if he was.
Just lost in thought, what's up?
I know this isn't
really the best time,
but I thought you should know.
It's about the
investigation into Yuta
that you requested earlier.
(Satoru gasps)
[Satoru] Panda, Toge.
Hmm?
What is it?
-(Panda groaning)
-No questions.
I'm sending both of you
to Jujutsu High right now.
Huh?
[Satoru] Geto is there.
He has to be.
I'm absolutely certain of it.
Probably.
Well, which is it?
[Satoru] If my
intuition is right,
Yuta and Maki might both die.
(Panda gasps)
I'll join you after I take
care of that foreign sorcerer.
Protect the two of them.
Defend them with your lives.
-Right.
-[Toge] Salmon.
(wind whooshes)
(Suda groans)
[Suda] No way, they
figured it out?
[Miguel] This is why I said,
you should at least
prepare a stand-in.
Geto didn't wanna
use a bad dummy.
He said it would
make things worse.
Mimiko, Nanako.
What?
[Suda] We're
stepping up the plan.
Engage.
(Nanako giggles)
I've been waiting for this.
(suspenseful music)
Let me introduce myself.
I'm Miguel, your opponent.
[Satoru] Sorry, Miguel but
I'm in a hurry right now.
(wind whooshes)
A veil's been drawn.
Satoru's intuition was right.
I'll break the veil.
Then we'll take the
shortest most direct route.
Let's go.
[Toge] Pollack roe.
Oh.
(Suguru giggles)
Looks like someone made
a hole in the veil.
(Suguru sighs)
It seems like these things
never go quite as planned.
It should take them
about five minutes
from the point of
entry to get here.
Should I ignore them, or
should I take care of them?
It's just so hard to decide.
(explosion booms)
Did they break through the walls
to take the shortest
route to me?
Not bad.
(Panda grunts)
[Panda] Maki.
-(foot thuds)
-(Panda grunts)
Focus.
-(fist thuds)
-(Panda grunts)
[Panda] This guy can
handle close combat, too?
(Panda grunts)
Oh?
(Panda grunting)
You're very predictable.
Because I was setting you up.
(air whooshes)
[Panda] Drumming Beat.
(Panda grunting)
(Geto chuckes)
-(stick whooshes)
-(Geto grunts)
(Panda grunts)
(Panda groans)
Boy, that was a close one.
[Panda] I couldn't agree more.
Plummet.
(explosion booms)
Toge, are you okay?
Caviar.
Good, come on,
let's check on Maki.
Maki, are you okay?
Maki?
[Toge] Mustard leaf.
(Maki groans)
No.
No, not yet, don't.
Huh?
(Toge groans)
(ground rumbles)
(Yuta groans)
Another earthquake?
I wonder what's
going on down there.
Wonderful.
Simply wonderful.
I'm so incredibly
touched right now.
You all raced down here
to save Yuta Okkotsu.
Jujutsu sorcerers sacrificing
themselves for a colleague.
Such affection.
Such admiration.
This is the world I long for.
All here right before my eyes.
(suspenseful music)
Maki, no.
To be honest with you.
I wanted you to live
too, Yuta, I really did.
But this battle is for the
future of the jujutsu world.
Panda.
[Toge] Yuta.
[Yuta] Toge.
Run away.
(Yuta grunts)
Come out, Rika.
(suspenseful music)
I'm going to kill you.
Not before you die.
(suspenseful music)
(monster growling)
Quantity before quality.
What's your next
move Queen of Curses?
(monster growling)
-(monsters squelching)
-(monsters growling)
(Rika growls)
(explosion booms)
[Yuta] Good job, Rika.
These three are horribly
wounded, especially Maki.
(Maki groans)
I won't let you die.
(Maki breathes heavily)
Not fair, not fair, not fair.
It's always you.
It was always you.
What are you doing, Rika?
Huh?
That's the woman
who saved my life.
Handle her with more care
than you would a butterfly
or a flower.
(Rika groans)
I'm sorry, Yuta.
I'm sorry.
Please don't be mad.
I'm not mad at you.
Please, I don't
want you to hate me.
I could never hate you.
Our enemy is that man there.
[Rika] Yuta, do you hate him?
[Yuta] Yes, I loathe him.
Then I will hate him, too.
Welcome back.
Why did you stop attacking?
Healing with cursed energy
requires an advanced
reverse cursed technique.
It was more advantageous
to let you divide your
attention over there.
But now that you're back,
shall we pick up
where we left off?
(monsters hissing)
Rika, give it to me.
[Suguru] Snake Eyes and Fangs?
Those are the cursed
seals of the Inumaki clan.
(suspenseful music)
(monsters growling)
Die.
(explosion booms)
How wonderful.
Cursed speech is a powerful
technique passed down
in the Inumaki clan, yet
this young man pulled it off
with less than a year
of studying jujutsu.
That really is hard to use.
The cursed energy scatters,
and it's hard to focus at.
Inumaki's incredible.
I see now.
Rika Orimoto's true
form, it's ever-changing.
She's a bastion
of cursed energy.
It's true.
All my friend's are
so amazing and strong.
And you Rika.
You are, too.
Sorry, but I need
her more than you do.
[Yuta] I'll beat you to a pulp.
(explosion booms)
-(man grunting)
-(fist thudding)
(monster growls)
(man grunting)
(monster groans)
(monster blood splashes)
Whoo.
Nanami's here.
Good, he'll get a
chance to see me.
This is my shot to
really impress him.
-Huh?
-Will you shut up?
Quit bubling about
yourself and fight.
There's still a lot more coming.
-(monster growls)
-(Kusakabe grunts)
Man, what a pain.
(Mei giggles)
(blade whooshing)
(Mei grunts)
(blade clanging)
That makes it 50 kills.
I've passed the numbers
needed for the incentive.
It's time to work
a little bit harder
and then I'll be taking
home that full bonus pay.
Oh, my, how old are you two?
[Nanako] 15.
You're still just children.
It's not too late
for you to turn back.
You don't even
know the difference
between right and wrong yet.
You're annoying.
Mimiko, doesn't he
totally piss you off?
Shall we hang him, Nanako?
You're oblivious.
You have no idea.
You don't know how jujutsu
sorcerers are treated
when they grow up out
in the damn sticks,
in places not even on maps.
Right and wrong?
(Nanako scoffs)
All of you just go ahead
and enjoy that stuff.
The way Mr. Geto puts
it, black is white,
and white is black, too.
When Mr. Geto found us,
he shared his vision for
a wonderful new world.
And anyone who gets in
his way, we'll hang.
(explosion booms)
(Nanako and Mimiko groans)
Miguel?
What are you doing here?
Take a look and figure it out.
[Satoru] You're a tenacious one.
(rope whooshes)
That rope, it has an
unusual curse woven into it.
It's disrupting my techniques.
[Miguel] I barely have
half of my rope left.
How many decades do you
think it took the sorcerers
in my country to weave this
rope imbued with cursed energy?
Like I care.
I can outmatch it
in about one second.
(monster laughing)
You're in the way.
(monster groans)
(explosion booms)
(Mimiko and Nanako groans)
[Ijichi] Oh, no,
this isn't good.
Gojo's snapped.
[Miguel] So, this is the
limitless jujutsu technique
that Geto mentioned.
It interferes on
an atomic level,
controlling space and time
with precise manipulation
of cursed energy.
And what makes it all possible
is the power of his eyes.
I have just 12 more minutes
until my quota runs out.
I'll keep fight for my life.
-(rope whooshes)
-(Miguel grunts)
(object crashes)
-(Miguel grunting)
-(rope whooshing)
(Miguel grunts)
(electricity buzzes)
(Satoru grunts)
(explosion booms)
(monster growls)
(monster groaning)
Whoa.
(ground rumbles)
(Miguel groaning)
(Miguel grunting)
(Miguel groans)
-(Miguel grunting)
-(fists thudding)
(monster growling)
That last round was dangerous.
I need to be more focus.
10 more minutes.
Time to give
everything I've got.
If I die tonight, I'm
cursing you, Geto.
(people groaning)
[Akari] Shoko, this
one needs your help.
Just set him down and
I'll be there soon.
[Akari] Right.
Look at this.
What were you all doing?
You're gonna be okay.
Shoko's gonna fix you
right up, all right?
We're counting on you.
(Shoko scoffs)
You really forced a heap
of trouble on us, Geto.
It's the first time you've
experiencing violent emotions
as cursed energy fills
your body, isn't it?
That heightening of physical
prowess, of omnipotence.
Your senses become
sharper and sharper.
The riff-raff are no
longer a match for you.
So, I'll have to
crush you myself.
Follow my lead, Rika.
Mankind stands at the
top of the food chain,
yet they imagined the
existence of higher beings
and called them gods.
Don't you find that
awfully strange?
Especially since jujutsu
sorcerers exist without belief.
(Rika grunts)
(Yuta grunts)
(metal clanging)
(Rika grunts)
(Yuta grunts)
(metal clanging)
(Yuta grunting)
(Geto giggles)
(metal clanging)
(Rika grunts)
(Yuta grunting)
In the end, all those monkeys
just want to avert their
eyes from the existence
of those better than them.
Are you saying you
wanna be a god?
That's something
a child would say.
You're missing the
point, Okkotsu.
(Rika grunts)
(monster squelching)
(Yuta grunts)
(ground rumbles)
What I long for isn't any
kind of enlightenment.
It's a chosen people.
There are times when the strong
are completely overwhelmed
by the weak, due to their
strength in sheer numbers.
And the audacity of
those weak monkeys,
that they think they
can defeat the strong,
makes me so sick I could vomit.
Yuta, are you okay?
I'm all right, Rika.
I'm used to it now.
Are we done debating philosophy?
(suspenseful music)
(air whooshing)
He's even faster now.
(nunchaku whooshes)
(air whooshes)
(blade whooshes)
(blade crashing)
You shouldn't have done that.
When you imbue a curse
like that too abruptly,
the vessel won't last.
Didn't Satoru teach you to
imbue curses bit by bit.
(Geto groans)
-(fist thuds)
-(Geto grunts)
(upbeat music)
The kid's not bad.
What are you talking about?
I don't know about any sorcerers
outside of this school,
so I don't know if
you're right or wrong.
But I do know one thing.
I know that in order to
remain here with my friends
and in order to believe it's
okay that I'm still alive.
I know what I have to do.
I have to do it.
I have no choice
but to kill you.
You're a little egotistical.
Nonetheless, just keep it up.
Those daily self-affirmations.
There's nothing more
important in life.
Unfortunately, though,
I'm going to use my full
force to kill you now.
No more time for compromise.
Are you aware, there
are only four people
who are special-grade?
Among curses, there are 16.
Let me introduce
you to one of them.
Special-grade
potential apparition,
Incarnate, Tamamo-no-mae.
On top of that,
I'll combine the 4,461
curses I possess into one
and strike you with it.
Cursed Spirit
Manipulation, Supreme Art.
(suspenseful music)
Maelstrom.
(monster growls)
(man grunting)
(blood splashes)
(man groans)
(monster giggles)
(woman groans)
Mr. Nanami.
Let me take care of this.
(upbeat music)
(wind whooshes)
(monster growls)
(monster groans)
-(monster groaning)
-(blades whooshes)
(monster groans)
(glass crashes)
(Nanami grunts)
(monster groans)
(monster squelching)
(air whooshing)
(explosion booms)
New Shadow Style Simple Domain.
Quick Draw.
(monster squelching)
(Miwa sighs)
(fire whooshes)
Huh?
[Mechamaru] Don't let
your guard down, Miwa.
Mechamaru, look out.
(gun fires)
You better look out, too.
[Kamo] Everyone, make
sure you stay alert.
Kamo, I see seven cursed
spirits heading your way.
[Kamo] Roger that,
where did Todo go?
(explosion booms)
[Momo] Oh, I think you'll
see him soon enough.
(Todo grunts)
(Todo chuckles)
Where have you been
all this time, Todo?
(ground rumbles)
(monster growling)
(Kamo groans) I've never seen
cursed energy like that.
That one's real dangerous, Todo.
Don't rush in on your own.
-Wait for back.
-Sorry,
but the talk show's
live Christmas special
is gonna be starting at eight.
And it'll will be
hosting Takada.
Let's stop wasting our time
and get this fight over with.
Todo.
[Momo] Kamo.
Another 10 or more cursed
spirits are approaching
from six o'clock.
(Kamo groans)
Everyone, prepare to intercept.
(Mai scoffs)
These curses never end.
When is this finally
going to be over?
Okkotsu, I'm so happy.
My timing was perfect
because I came to kill you
before you could fully
unleash Rika Orimoto.
[Rika] It's a promise
that when we grow up,
we're going to get
married to each other.
[Yuta] Okay, we'll be
together forever and ever.
All the time.
Rika.
[Rika] Yes, Yuta?
Thank you for always
protecting me.
Thank you for falling
in love with me.
Just one last time,
please, lend me your power.
I have to stop him.
I won't need anything
else from you after that.
I'll give you my future,
my heart, my body.
I'll give you everything.
From now on, we'll truly
be together forever.
I love you, Rika.
Let's die together.
(Rika grunting)
Yuta.
I love you, I love you.
[Suguru] Is he offering
himself as a sacrifice
to release the limit
on her cursed energy?
(Geto grunts)
I never realized you
were such a womanizer.
Don't be rude.
Our love is pure.
Fine, you fight for love.
I'll fight to win.
(Geto giggles)
It's wonderful.
The whole thing is
absolutely wonderful.
It truly is the power
to change the world.
If I had Rika, there
would be no need
to sneak around
gathering curses.
Next time, I'll get my
hands on her for sure.
You're late again
as usual, Satoru.
To think you'd be the
one here at my end.
Are you going to make
sure my family is safe?
Every last one of them
managed to escape to safety.
The ones in Kyoto, they
were under your command?
Yes, they all were.
I'm a kind person
unlike you, Satoru.
You sent those two assuming
that I'd defeat them,
didn't you?
To set Okkotsu off.
I trusted you'd be yourself.
Trusted that a man
as principled as you
wouldn't kill off young
sorcerers without a reason.
(Geto chuckles)
You wanna talk about trust?
I didn't think I had
any of that left in me,
after everything
I've been through.
Return this for me, will you?
[Satoru] Was the elementary
school your doing, too?
It was.
I can't believe you.
Tell me, do you
have any last words?
No matter what anyone tells
you, I hate those monkeys.
But I never held any hatred
for those in
Jujutsu High School.
I just couldn't wear
a heartfelt smile
while living in this world.
Suguru.
(dramatic music)
(Geto chuckles)
The least you could do is
hit me with some curses.
(slicing)
-[Maki] Hey, wake up.
-[Panda] Yuta, Yuta.
Hey, Yuta, are you okay?
[Toge] Mustard leaf.
Come on and wake up, Yuta.
(Yuta groans)
Good, he's awake.
You're all here.
Maki, your okay?
Inumaki.
Whoa, Panda, your
arm hasn't healed.
Chill out, dude.
We're all doing way better
than you are right now.
Unlike these other two losers,
my arm can be fixed later.
By the way, thanks
for saving us, Yuta.
[Toge] Salmon.
(Yuta groans)
[Rika] Yuta.
[Panda] Hmm?
Sorry about that, Rika.
I didn't mean to
keep you waiting.
[Panda] What's the matter?
Yuta?
Well, you see, in exchange
for borrowing her power,
I kind of promised to go and
live with Rika from now on.
[Maki] What?
Are you crazy?
Don't you know that means dying?
What were you
thinking, you idiot?
Well, I was caught off
in the moment, I guess.
I don't know.
Huh?
[Yuta] Rika?
(Satoru claps)
Congratulations.
You managed to break the curse.
[All] Who're you?
I'm your good-looking
teacher, Satoru Gojo.
I thought the
theory Yuta came up
with sounded interesting.
So, I requested an investigation
into their families.
The investigation
about Rika's family
came to me long time ago,
but Yuta's history was
full of holes at best.
That's when it
finally came to light.
You're the descendant
of Sugawara Michizane,
which makes us super
distant relatives.
[Panda And Maki] Suga?
Who's Suga?
One of Japan's three
great apparitions.
He was a super bigshot sorcerer.
[Toge] Tuna.
You were right the
whole time, Yuta.
Rika didn't place
a curse on you.
You placed a curse on Rika.
[Yuta] Rika, what do I do?
Is she going to die?
I have to save her.
Don't die, don't die,
don't die, don't die.
That's right.
At the time, I refused
to accept Rika's death.
Now the one who placed the
curse has canceled the bond.
As long as the person
who was cursed doesn't seek
retribution against you,
the curse is fully broken.
Of course, that much was obvious
after seeing her in that form.
(Yuta cries)
It was all my fault, wasn't it?
I turned you into that form.
I hurt all those people and I
nearly caused everyone to die
when Geto came after me.
It's all, it's all my fault.
(Yuta cries)
Yuta, thank you for
giving me more time,
and letting me
stay by your side.
During the six
years I was cursed,
I've been happier than
I ever was before.
(Yuta cries)
Bye, Yuta, take care.
And don't cross to my
side anytime soon, okay?
See you later.
(gentle music)
It's a bit late to tell you,
but you weren't at fault
for the incident with Geto.
He would've attacked
to Jujutsu High School
whether you were here or not.
You think so?
I believe this is yours.
Oh, my student ID.
Thanks for finding
it for me, Gojo.
No, it wasn't me.
My best friend found it.
My only friend really.
Come on, Yuta.
How long are you
gonna keep us waiting?
Ready to go?
(Yuta chuckles)
(gentle music)
[Yuta] Yeah.
(singing in Japanese)
(upbeat music)
(birds chirping)
(horn honking)
(car whooshing)
(crowd chattering)
(Yuta giggles)
This is good.
Didn't I tell you so?
I used this great
spice called Royco.
That's what gives it
that amazing flavor.
Huh?
Royco is a magic powder
that makes every dish taste
like it was made in
Kenya when you add it in.
More importantly, they really
went home, didn't they?
(Yuta groans)
For that I'm happy.
[Yuta] This really is good.
Reminds me of nikujaga.
Nikujaga?
That's too hard to pronounce,
so let's just call
it, beef stew.
(Miguel giggles)
Hmm?
What's the matter?
[Miguel] Well, well,
what are you doing here?
What the?
Gojo?
Hey, long time no see.